hey welcome back to another big meet
Sunday thanks for sticking with me today
we're going to do something for a great
friend of mine Linda over at Linda's
pantry her YouTube channel is 255 saige
if you've not heard of this lady go
check her out she is full of amazing
recipes and she also does a lot of food
storage and canning and vacuum sealing
things like that so if you're interested
in that as well
definitely a great resource to check out
she's having a contest and basically
she's asking for one of our favorite
recipes and I struggled with this
because I like food I don't have any
favorite so basically we're going to do
some tacos today
okay thanks for coming back so we've got
our carne asada steak and we've got
onion some jalapeno peppers green onions
and a boatload of sarong launch row
cilantro though we're going to get our
skirt steak all seasoned up here skirt
steak is great for this it's got a lot
of fat in it you can see these fat
layers down here tons of flavor so we're
going to throw down a little pepper some
onion powder a little garlic powder and
then chili powder one of my favorite
items to dress this up with and instead
of salt I use adobo seasoning the stuff
I get from my local butcher seems to be
really salty and so it's kind of got an
interesting chili flavor but it's salty
too so that really works out nicely some
cumin it's kind of got that Latin thing
going on for you a little bit of cumin
and just going to kind of rub that in
and we're going to do the same thing to
the other side of this and then we're
going to get it out on the grill so I'll
grill it and bring it back in and we'll
take the tacos from there so steaks
around the grill also those green onions
that you saw here those are also hot on
the grill grilled green onions on a taco
is just special if you know what I'm
saying so yeah specialist I said that
so anyway I'm going to cut up some onion
I like to have a little bit onion and a
little bit of cilantro
nice nice chopped cilantro onions so
we're just going to get this onion
chopped nice and small
and then for the cilantro I just usually
just try to get the main leafy part
I'm not real picky about it most of it I
don't use I don't mind a little bit of
stems either but I'll just crumple it up
like this and try to keep it in that
nice tight little wad and then just go
through it with a knife like that and
then kind of come out at a different
angle just get those stems chopped up a
little and bada bing bada boom doing
with that and we'll get these Japanese
all cut up and seated
let's get these dice up and I know Linda
definitely likes her spicy stuff - she's
I've seen her do some cooking with it
yep Mystikal all right so there's going
to be our little pile of jalapenos I'm
go out and probably flip flip that steak
over right now check on the onions and
when we get back we're going to toast us
up some tortillas and it'll be real
close to Taco Time stick around
hey all right so we're back and we're
going to take care of those tortillas
now what I typically do is not light the
wrong burner on the stove though now I
have got I got one of these childproof
ovens where if you turn it on and then
turn it back off you can't turn it back
on for like 10 seconds I don't
even have kids
Don thank you okay so we're going to do
our tortillas I use nice small corn
tortillas that's kind of my pleasure if
you will right on the burner to turn it
down a little bit
also what I like to do is a little
cheese going on so let this guy go for I
don't know until it gets a little toasty
on top but not too toasty and you'll see
why I think that right when it starts to
puff up like this
that's where I'm going to flip it and I
recommend using tongs and this is kind
of a mess on your stove as well
especially if you drop cheese like I
just did
but yeah you do one side just a little
bit just to get it heated then you flip
it over and you get it nice and toasty
on the other side well the cheese is
melting and that's that's where it's at
right there so I did cut up my meat it's
over here
kind of chilling out well actually it's
staying warm underneath of tinfoil and
what I'm going to do right when I get
about two or three of these guys
I'll get them plated up we'll build our
tacos alright so we are ready to build
our tacos the purpose behind the cheese
on the tortilla isn't just because it's
damn good basically it's like a little
wetsuit for the taco so you know get
some meat down in there and you know I
like lots of hot sauce can't go wrong
there so typically I put so much on that
it starts leaking out and then it kind
of gets it all soggy so you got it you
got to do that extra little layer little
onion so we got our our meat down cheese
some onion a little cilantro and maybe a
little jalapeno on there
I forgot my hot sauce Oh Lu katika good
stuff a little bit goes a long way oh
and that's plenty that's going to be
pretty hot so let's try use one of these
guys out oh I forgot gotta have a little
guacamole right or avocado let's go
everybody in there you go tacos
one of my very favorite things yeah Wow
a hot sauce is good so this is just a
perfect lunch or dinner heck I'd even
eat it for breakfast you do them any way
you want there's twins of different
variations you can do with them but most
most of all they're simple and damn good
too
so thanks for watching Linda
congratulations on all your subs 4700
last I checked appreciate the
opportunity to join your contest you
have a lot of great prizes looking
forward to winning them all just kidding
maybe mmm so that's it for talked of you
guys you know the drill hit the sub
button if you liked it you want to see
more looking forward to having you take
it easy YouTube